---
name: Ursula Lang
title: Postdoc & Clinical Instructor
joined_on: 2017-04-01 12:00:00
thumbnail_path: /img/people/ursula_thumb.jpg
image_path: /img/people/ursula.jpg
email:
alumni: false
linkedin_url:
research_gate_url: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Ursula_Lang2

layout: person
---

Ursula’s clinical and research interests are aimed at developing novel diagnostic tools for use in melanocytic neoplasms through exploring the relationship between pathogenic mutations, sub-cellular architecture, and melanocyte behavior. She is evaluating the relationship between primary cilia, centrosome amplification and microtubule re-organization on disruption of potentially oncogenic properties such as cell polarity, growth-factor independent growth or local invasion.  

Ursula graduated from University of Washington, where she studied Molecular Biology & Biochemistry, and subsequently received her MD/PhD degrees from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York. Her PhD thesis was conducted in Dr. Scott Friedman’s lab, where she characterized post-translational modifications in a novel tumor suppressor, KLF6, in the setting of hepatocellular carcinoma. She went on to complete anatomic pathology training at UCSF in a physician-scientist track, during which she studied the effects of beta-catenin mutations in deep penetrating nevi in collaboration with Dr. Iwei Yeh.  A dermatopathology fellowship at Stanford followed, where she worked with Dr. Jinah Kim on characterizing the degree to which primary cilia are lost from the cell surface of melanocytes in a variety of melanocytic neoplasms.





